do I need to activate or register for my
SRA and how do I do this the individuals
that need to activate cover this range
of people solicitors registered European
lawyers registered foreign lawyers
non-lawyer managers and other lawyer
managers all cut all these categories of
people need to activate using an
activation code those that need to
register will typically be non-lawyer
employees of firms who intend on acting
as organizational contacts now to cover
this an organizational contact is the
person nominated by the organisation
normally by the authorised signatory who
will be responsible for managing the
details of the organization's
individuals
and who will take responsibility for
completing the practicing certificate
renewal form obviously it's the
authorised signatory that will actually
submit the form and sign the declaration
if you have not if you are a solicitor
and you come in the left-hand category
of people and you've not activated your
my SRA account then you should be using
an activation code if you do not have
your activation code which is an 11
digit code separated by hyphens then you
will need to use the activation letter
lost option on the my SRA login page
this will send you a new activation
letter to the last address we have on
our records for you now if you think
that that address may be incorrect you
will need to contact the contact centre
who will provide you with the activation
code or resend the letter out to you
please note that they cannot provide
this code over email the code that you
will receive is valid for 28 days so
obviously if you do not activate your
account within that period then
effectively your activation code will
expire those of you that are going to
register which as we've already said are
those that are going to act as
organizational contacts you
not need an activation code you use the
register option on the my sra home page
and that will request your details
without the need to activate an account
and that is because you don't have an
account already with the SRA and
therefore you are new to our records for
further information on exactly the
process and the screens that you need to
complete for this process please refer
to the user guides and FA cues on the
SRA website